I know you're still mad at Stone
I have educated him
Poor kid too.
I grew up without my father
I pulled him up by myself
It's a recipe for neglect.
He already knew he was wrong, right?
He went to the garden himself today
Picked lilies for you
Come over here
Aunt
Hey, ma'am, the young master is allergic to lilies
Take it away
Are you all right?
It's okay, it's okay, Mom Wu, I heard others say it
This pollen allergy is highly genetic
Master Tongue picked the flowers himself
Is he not allergic?
This child has been in good health since he was a child
Maybe follow me
Are you exhausted?
I'll go get you a bath water.
No, I've got work to do.
I know you are busy with work
This Friday is Children's Day.
Can you accompany your son
Hey
Come on.
Mommy, why are you so absent-minded?
Ah!
Yoyo
Mom is asking you?
If you were given a chance to recognize your father
Do you want to admit it?
Of course I recognize it.
How nice to have a father
Wang Xiaoming said his father would fight
Whoever dares to bully Wang Xiaoming's father will protect him
Mr. Gu
What's wrong? Do you like kids?
like
Oh yeah, I was about to tell you about this.
You make time for me on Friday
I want to spend Children's Day with my son
Do you have children?